Hey. Well-done on achieving yet another module. Today I kind of wanted to talk about the concept of deep
work.
There's a really good book called "Deep work" that I recommend everybody read actually.
And it goes into like what consists of deep work and how do you get into a deep state of flow where
you're able to produce your best work.
Now I think this concept of deep work is also really applicable to learning.
Like when you're in flow, when you're really using your brain, that state is so precious.
And what I often see is that sometimes people think that you know just because you're sitting at your
desk just because you're putting in the hours and you're staring at the screen then you're learning.
You're probably not right? Like unless you are actively engaged, unless you are you know the brain is
fresh and you're making those connections and things are like just making sense for you and you're able
to understand what's going on
you're able to apply it.
If you're sitting there like hangover, sleep deprived, like just had pizza for lunch,
even if you just sit there and like for many hours, it's not going to achieve the results that you want.
So one of the things that I'm really disciplined about is work is work and play is play.
So what I try to do is that when I'm sitting down to work, I am at 95% if not 100% focused
on what it is I'm doing.
I'm not really thinking about like like what am I going to eat later on or what shall I do for fun.
And I'm just trying to put all my attention on this one thing.
Now when I'm actually relaxing like when I have time off work, I try to not think about work at all. Like
I won't think about, "I have this thing tomorrow which I have to do." Or like, "Oh like maybe I should just
try doing a little bit of this work or that work."
No. Like try to make sure that when you are sitting down to work, that's all you think about and when
you're having a relaxation time just that's all you do.
This way if you become more disciplined around this, you'll find that your brain actually gets into the
rhythm when it sits down to actually doing work rather than just sort of pretending to work right?
So have a go at that and see if that helps you.